now before you will jump on your
keyboards and start sending hate
pestilence raged storms and tsunamis my
way let me first explain what is going
on in the background I'm this leads a
Black Ops 2 gameplay yeah we know that
clearly you guys know that I saw my copy
of black ops 2 we know that too so
you're probably thinking of sold out and
I've Guarnere and I bought it because I
need you to have you back him no it's
nothing like that what happened was last
night a friend of mine who I haven't
seen in a long time decided to come
around have a few beers I had those to
myself it would have been a nice time to
catch up so he's an avid gamer like me
and he contacted me and said what games
have you got so I told him modern
warfare 2 mother of their three black
ops 1 call of duty 4 etc etc and he said
all can I bring some games round I said
yeah sure so he came Randy add
Assassin's Creed fallout 3 which are
loved and I haven't played in ages and
he had black ops 2 and I literally
looked at him like he had just bought in
the entire contents of his vacuum
cleaner and emptied it on my carpet if
looks could kill i literally would have
turned him to stone there and then and I
said what what's this and he was like no
no no I just want to show you how good
I've got on the game so I thought okay
that's fair enough now he's got a ps3 in
an xbox 360 and he's actually got it on
both consoles and he said to me that
it's easier on ps3 so I don't know who
that is but I put the game in and we had
a few games and this was actually the
first game i had to the one in the
background or said I better record it
and see how bad I do but I Dane dedup
doing okay as you'll see now this wasn't
the case all night I can quite happily
tell you that my experiences haven't
changed on black ops 2 me but this is
what I like to call the false sense of
security game it was like luring me in
come play apocalypse play this game
enjoy yourself see look at the treasures
you've been missing out on such a bag of
delights how'd you feel after that you
know and I was like wow
she's lovely I'm having a lovely time
and then once it gummy it was like your
mother fucker throw my controller across
the room and having a very bad time but
in the mix of that that was half these
and games and pretty bad games but the
one thing I will say is having played
other titles for the last five weeks and
then you go back to this one you
suddenly just realized you know what the
entire franchise is broken beyond repair
everything call of duty 4 as you've seen
from my videos hacked to buggery modern
warfare 2 noob tubed to buggery black
ops 1 achieve black ops 1 cut he's kind
of the most pliable out of all of them I
think it's certainly not my favorite but
it's probably the most player but if
we're going to put a tag on it second
chance to the buggery modern warfare 3
the less said about the like comp the
better and then you go into these lag
comp target finders just other usual
stuff it did make me realize from going
back and having that education with the
older games you know what it doesn't
matter what you play you're going to
have good days when our bad days
probably with black ops 2 you have more
bad but it was kind of nice to go back
and have a bit of a change it was like
it's like I've had a vacation away from
it and I've come back and I've had a go
but I did say to him what I wanted to do
if it was okay with him because he's got
it on both consoles also can I hold on
to this for a while just to play I want
to get a few videos on my channel I'm
going to get the feedback from my
subscribers you are probably going to
judge the hell outta me frog loading
this but eventually once i get fed up
can i just give it you back and tell you
to get it out of my sight and he was
like yeah that's cool that's fine i tell
you the other thing i've noticed as well
this is a really strange one everybody's
guns with the camos looks as though
they've been vomited on by the entire
cast of Sesame Street I mean what the
hell is going on with the camos this guy
okay I think it was the only death I've
ever had by an LMG without a target
finder on it this guy was aiming down
the iron sights and his gun was glowing
orange like as if he'd left it in a
bloody nuclear power plant and it had
plutonium spilt all I've root for the
entire night and then took him back to
war I know I watched his killcam too cuz
its trailer soon as I died off the right
you know I going with the judgment
bloody target finders and I watched the
killcam
and I never even seen how he killed me
because I could not take my eyes off
this gun I was mesmerised by this
disgusting camo that I can only describe
as driven over tortoiseshell cat camo I
don't even know what he was I'm assuming
it's a tiger or something like that but
it was awful so yeah that's kind of it
that's kind of the only changes I've
seen his gun camos Ernie that's in Oh
the type 25 as well I killed a guy I
picked up this type 25 and I went on an
absolute rampage with me so I don't know
from the last buff because had to
download one of the patches obviously
because I'm played it for so long and I
haven't been keeping up with the the
current affairs of what's been going on
with the game but can you tell me has
the type 25 been buffed because this
thing I was annihilated people with it
actually seemed to me to be more
powerful and better than the an-94 I
mean there was a guy head glitching from
right across the map to burst and he was
gone so you know I'm going to be trying
that out a little bit more and see what
I think about it but yet I mean that's
that's kind of it really guys you know
it's just a simple normal game in the
background it was ok I had quite a bit
of fun gainey I have got some horrible
fail clips and I've got the audio with
it my friend was in the background dying
well I won't tell you about it but I was
using the blister with the iron sights
it was over the course of two games and
I failed so much I mean I don't again I
don't know what they've done to that gun
list our iron sights I gotta hit marker
every shot in the face in the chest in
the knees in the toes everywhere didn't
matter where I shot them I gotta hit
marker so I don't know what's going up
there but yeah give me a bit of feedback
if you can let me know what you think
about having a little bit of black ops 2
coming on again I'm not going to be
doing pure black ops 2 trust me you know
the odd die here and there of these game
is about all I can manage as far as a
variety goes I've kind of exhausted my
previous games you know it's just nice
to it's nice to put back in and say
hello it's like going back to your old
school and visiting your old teachers
you know you don't you don't to spend
the entire day there and have tea with
them you just want to walk in and say
hello how you doing yes look at me now
I've grown into a fine specimen of a
young man and I'm doing terribly outside
of this world so you were right I would
have meant to nothing
goodbye I bid you farewell so yeah I
hope you enjoyed the gameplay guys I
will see you later apocalypse done